>> THE MESSAGE IS WISCONSIN, WE
WON'T FORGET ABOUT YOU THIS
TIME.
CLEARLY WISCONSIN IS ONE OF THE
STATES THAT HILLARY CLINTON DID
NOT VISIT, DID NOT CAMPAIGN IN
IN THE FINAL DAYS OF THE 2016
CAMPAIGN BECAUSE DEMOCRATS
THOUGHT THEY HAD IT IN THE BAG
AND DONALD TRUMP, OF COURSE,
STUNNED THE DEMOCRATIC PARTY BY
THEN WINNING PENNSYLVANIA AND
THEN ADDING WISCONSIN AND
MICHIGAN FOR GOOD MEASURE.
AND CLEARLY THIS
THEY MESSED UP ON THAT AND IT
WAS NOT JUST THE LACK OF APPEAL
OF HILLARY CLINTON.
IT WAS ALSO THAT THE PARTY WAS
NOT PAYING ENOUGH ATTENTION TO
THE INDUSTRIAL UPPER MIDWEST.
>> Bill: IT'S A GOOD TOWN.
HOPE THEY COME TO FOX, TOO, BY
THE WAY FOR THE LONG-AWAITED
DEBATE.